docs: deprecate the main.go/internal.go Horizon convention (#1913)
stellar/go: README.md

In each package, there may be one or more of a set of common files:

> 

Reviewer: I think it's worth retaining a `main.go` line and calling out when we expect a file to be named as such. Can we add a line like:
```markdown
- *main.go*: The file contains a `main` function as is part of an executable `main` package.
```

- *errors.go*: This file should contains declarations (both types and vars) for errors that are used by the package.
- *example_test.go*: This file should contains example tests, as described at https://blog.golang.org/examples.

> - *main.go/internal.go* (**deprecated**): Older packages may have a `main.go` (public symbols) or `internal.go` (private symbols).  These files contain, respectively, the exported and unexported vars, consts, types and funcs for the package. More recently updated packages follow the standard Go convention and co-locate structs and their methods in shared files. 

Reviewer: I think it's worth being more explicit and making a stronger statement that we don't intend to use this pattern.
```suggestion
- *main.go/internal.go* (**deprecated**): Older packages may have a `main.go` (public symbols) or `internal.go` (private symbols). These files contain, respectively, the exported and unexported vars, consts, types and funcs for the package. New packages do not follow this pattern, and instead follow the standard Go convention to co-locate structs and their methods in the same files.
```
